# Legal Notice
Modifications for the game "The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion" do not provide full ownership to the
authors of this repository. However, as there are some derivative works that aren't under the
control of the legal owner of "The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion" "Bethesda Softworks". The ownership
of items provided in this repository are under control of the following limitations and permissions.

# Limitations Given

- This repository cannot be used in a "mod pack", a single or multiple file download including other
game modifications for "The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion" not found on file hosting sites in which the
file author did not upload the necessary files. Exceptions will never be provided.

- This repository cannot be used in "automated download mod file manager pack" (e.g. Wabbajack) if said
pack earns revenue of any kind. This includes non-restrictive revenue, such as donations for work
provided.

- Non-authors of this repository may not upload to any file hosting site without explicit written
from all authors of this repository who are still active. There is a single exception written for
language translations. Said translation patches are allowed to be upload without permission,
provided crediting and direct notification of the source of this upload are given to the authors of
this repository.

- Patches and further modifications to this repository must be uploaded to the file hosting service
that this repository was originally uploaded to. The only exception are language translations.
Credit and notification of the site it is being uploaded to must be provided to the authors of this
repository.

# Permission Given

- All patches, and further modifications of this repository are explicitly allowed without
circumstance. Credit of the authors of this repository are required, but request and notification is
not required.

- All patches, and further modifications of this repository are explicitly allowed to earn revenue
in any manner the author of said patches and/or modifications desire.

- This repository may be used for "automated download mod file manager pack" (e.g. Wabbajack)
without permission or credit, provided the file link used is one that gives the author revenue
and/or algorithmic statistics (e.g. Nexus Mods). Direct linking to other file hosting sites that do
not have these features, assuming this repository is found on a file hosting site that does have
these features is not allowed in any circumstance.

- Patches that only pertain to translations of this repository (i.e. no modification of the feature
set of this repository) can be uploaded to different file hosting sites. Credit and notification of
the site it is being uploaded to must be provided to the authors of this repository.

- Shall the authors of this repository be unable to be contacted in any manner for more than 1 year
(365 days precisely), this repository is considered public domain barring the stipulations of the
legal notice. Any possible contact is required, such as email, git repository, or file hosting
service.

